feat(internals): Add CONTRIBUTING.md (#330)
AndreaPontrandolfo/sheriff: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

- **Good first issues**: if you want to contribute but don't know where to start, consider checking the [good first issue](https://github.com/AndreaPontrandolfo/sheriff/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) labeled issues.
- **Repro example**: If you are reporting a bug, consider providing a minimal reproducible example. This will ensure that the issue will be looked at earlier.
- **Use Discussions for Ideas**: If you wish to discuss open points or share ideas that do not translate well into actionable issues, please open a Discussion instead under the appropriate **[Discussions](https://github.com/AndreaPontrandolfo/sheriff/discussions)** tab.
- **Follow the Code of Conduct**: By contributing, you agree to abide by the project’s [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
- **Pass Quality Checks**: Pull requests will only be merged if they pass the quality checks performed by the `pnpm merge-checks` command.
- **Update Documentation**: Update documentation to reflect your changes, if applicable.

## Development

### Requirements

- make sure Git is installed in your system

> - make sure Nodejs 20.10.X is installed in your system
> - make sure [Pnpm is installed](https://pnpm.io/installation) in your system. If you are not sure how to install it, use corepack:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- make sure Node.js 20.10.x is installed in your system
- make sure [pnpm is installed](https://pnpm.io/installation) in your system. If you are not sure how to install it, use Corepack:
```
